Do not be afraid, the golden starboard floating in these dawn;
The last hearth to smoke on my country without extinguishing.
He is the star of my nation and will shine;
He is mine, he is my nation only.

Don't mess, let me be a victim, your face, oh coy crescent!
A rose to my hero race! what is this violence this jalal?
Our spilled blood then you will not lawful,
It is the right, who worships the truth, the independence of my nation!

I have lived free from time immemorial, I live free.
Which crazy is gonna chain me? I am surprised;
I am like a roaring flood, I tramp me;
I'll tear apart mountains, exceed the heavens and still gush out.

If the garb is surrounded by a steel armored wall,
I have serhaddim like my chest full of faith.
Your nation, do not be afraid! How can such faith suffocate?
"Civilization!" the only female monster you say?

Friend! Do not let the scoundrels of my hometown!
Barricade your body, let alone this indecent flock.
The days that Hak promised you will arise;
Who knows, maybe tomorrow, maybe the near future.

Do not pass the places you pressed by saying "soil", know!
Consider, under thousands shroudless hospitalized.
You are the son of a martyr, do not hurt, it is a pity your ancestor;
But may He not deprive me of my one true homeland for the world.

Who would not be sacrificed for the sake of the heavenly homeland that?
To gush Martyrs land tighter the şüheda!
Let Hüda take all my life, life, all my assets,
Let me not be from my only homeland in the world.

My soul is divine from you, but this is ambition;
Don't let it touch my temple's chest, na-mahrem hand!
These prayers are the basis of the religion,
Eternal homeland on my groaning

Then prostrate a thousand with ecstasy;
Divine, divorced and bloody age from every ceriham,
Naşım from the ground like a gushing soul-i müserret;
Then my head maybe worth rose Throne!

O glorious crescent at dawn on you as fluctuating;
Now get all my lawful bloodshed!
Forever not to you, not to my race izmihlal.
It is the right, freedom of my flag that lived freely;
It is the right, the independence of my nation that worships the truth!
